docs(schema): update with Zod schema documentation (#110)
instructor-ai/instructor-js: docs/concepts/schema.md

# Zod Schemas 

> Zod is a TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation library. It is designed to be easy to use with TypeScript and to be a good fit for the language. It is the primary way of prompt engineering, the schemas that we use. 

Author: ```suggestion
Zod is a TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation library. It is designed to be easy to use with TypeScript and to be a good fit for the language. It is the primary way of prompt engineering, just note that the room of response_model must be `z.object`.
```
